Kacper: The options screen is a small personal configuration menu which allows the end user to lower the in game
        music volume and change the resolution size to fit their needs. By pressing the back button you will exit
        back out to the main menu or back to the game since this menu is also accessible from the game screen.

Sean: 	This is the deck creation screen. In here you will be able to create your own personal deck to try out against
        our Ai. There are 400 cards with varying effects and power for you to explore. By clicking the add new deck
        button you will be presented with this screen from which you click on a card and then on the amount of that
        card you would like to have in your deck. Maximum being 4. The deck needs to consist of at least 60 cards
        but has no upper limit.

Kacper: After you make your deck or if you haven't made a deck and would like to start playing press the Fight vs Ai button.
        You will then be presented with the deck selection screen from which you can select on of our 5 premade decks or
        your own personal deck that you have constructed. you will then be launched into the game screen.

	      This screen is broken down into 7 sections. The information box, the Menu buttons, Your hand, Your playing field, the enemy
        playing field ,Turn indicators and last card played display.

	      The information box stores all relevant information on either player. Their current life total, hand size,
        graveyard size, and deck size. The information box also has a card display section which displays a card in
        detail when you hover over one in the game.

        A card consists of the name of the card, The type of card it is, any special effects it may have and what
        they mean and if it is a creature it will show that creatures power and toughness.

        The menu buttons allow you to either concede this game and head back out to main menu to start again or
        change the options similarly to the options in the main menu.

        you hand section displays all cards you currently have in your hand.

        Both play sections show the respective players lands and creatures currently out on the battle field.

        The turn Indicator will tell you the player what stage of the turn your on and whose turn it currently is.
        It will also tell you if your attacking, defending or responding. But we will get into that later.

        The last section on your screen that you need to take note of is the Last card played display. This will
        display the latest card either player has played.

Sean: 	You start the game by choosing to either Mulligan or not. A mulligan means you put your current hand back into
        your deck, shuffle it and then draw again but this time with one less card. After that the game begins with
        you as the player who goes first. During your main phase you have several options of things you can do. to
        play any of your cards you will need to press the left mouse button and drag it out of the hand section.
        Then release the button and the card will snap into position. Each card other than Lands require a minimum
        mana cost. This cost will displayed at the top of you card.

      	A land has no mana cost as is easily identifiable by the distinct difference in the look of the card. A Land
        has an art work that spans the full length of the card while other cards are divided as explained above.
        you can only 	play one land per turn

      	To generate mana you need to click on one of your lands that are currently out on the battle field. One land
        can generate one mana of the appropriate colour. This generated mana is displayed in the info box section
        underneath the player information. Once a card is played the mana is used up until you can generate it again.
        If a cards mana cost consists of a number and a coloured symbol this means that the mana cost of that card is
        1 mana of the appropriate mana color and any other mana that equals that number. for example 2R means one red
         mana and a combination any 2 mana.

      	Once the mana cost has been paid and creature cast it will appear on the play section in the middle of your
        screen. It will have a pause symbol on it signifying that it has summoning sickness and until next turn you
        wont be able to attack with it unless the creature has the Haste ability.

      	If you play either an Instant or Sorcery you will resolve any and all effects of that Instant or Sorcery. An
        example Shock will deal 2 damage to target creature or Player so when I cast it will disappear from my hand
        and I will be able to chose my targets. Once a card has been dragged out on to the battlefield its effect must
        resolve. This means if you play a card that deals 2 damage to target creature and you are the only person with
        creatures out on the battlefield they you must target your own creature.

      	After playing any card other than land the opponent has a response phase. In that phase the opponent can cast
        any instant card if he has enough mana to play it. This is the same for the player. Whenever the opponent
        casts a spell you have the opportunity to cast one of your instant spells if you have enough mana to do so.

      	if your try and cast a spell whose mana cost is higher than the amount of mana you have generated the card
        you tried to play will snap back into your hand.

      	When your finished casting your creatures, lands and sorceries you can press the pass button or press spacebar
        to move into the next phase.

Kacper:	The next phase is the combat phase. Inside of this phase you can no longer cast any sorceries or creatures
        however you still have access to you instant spells. From the current creatures on the battle field you will
        now select how many creatures you would like to attack the enemy player with. The amount of damage they will
        do to the player is displayed on the card right here. Once a creature is selected for battle it cannot be
        deselected. Creatures with summoning sickness cannot attack until the next turn. A selected Creature Becomes
        tapped until your next untap step. A tapped creature cannot block enemy attacks. A creature who has the
        Vigilance ability does not tap when attacking.

        After you select your attackers the opponent then selects their blockers. They can chose one of their creatures
        to block another creatures attack. When that occurs the attacking creatures deals damage to the blocking
        creature as oppose to the opponent. If a creature isn't blocked the player takes that creatures full power
        away from their life total. A creature who has the Flying ability can only be blocked by other Flying creatures.
        A flying creature can block a non flying creature.

        Once blockers have been declared the damage calculation takes place. In this step one by one the creatures battle
        against their blockers or against the opponent if that particular creature didn't have a blocker. in the battle calculation
        the blockers power which is displayed on the card is compared against your attackers toughness and the attackers power against
        the blockers toughness.

        If a creatures power is grater than or equal to the other creatures toughness that creature is dead. They are removed from the
        battlefield and put into the graveyard. If a creature gains protection from a spell you cast on it. It cannot die from damage from combat.
        If the attacking creature has the ability trample. Any power that exceeds the blocking creatures toughness will still be dealt to the player.
        If any creature has the Death touch ability it will automatically kill the creature it fights if it deals at least 1 damage.
        If any creature has The Life Link ability any damage it will deal to either the opponent or blocking or attacking creature,
        The owner of that creature will gain life equal to that creatures power.

Sean:   After That you will enter your second Main phase. This phase is exactly the same as the first main phase. You can now cast new creatures
        and Sorceries and when you're done click the pass phase button to head to last step which is the end step.

        During the end step all creatures toughness's are restored back to their original value. It also checks how many cards does the current player
        have in their hand. If they have more than 7 they are asked to discard one card from their hand into their graveyard. This is also the last
        chance opponent has to cast an instant spell before their turn.

        With that the opponents turn begins. All turns begin with the untap step. During this step all lands and creatures
        that were tapped during the last turn are now untapped.
        This means creatures that you attacked with last turn can now attack again or be held back as potential blockers.
        All lands can be tapped again to generate mana.
        At the end of each phase the opponent enters a response phase. During the opponents turn that will be you and will
        be indicated to you by the turn indicator. Yet again during this turn you can tap lands to generate mana to play instant
        spells each with their own effect described on the card.

Kacper: With that the Untap phase ends and the player draws the top card of their deck and adds it to their hand. Then the Ai enters its main phase
        During The Ai turn we are running calculations to determine its best move. We always play a land if we have a land available to be played.
        After that we look at all possible combinations of cards that we can play that turn. Using different weights we determine weather the Ai
        should play a creature, a sorcery or an instant. Each combination is compared to something we call the ideal board state. Based on how
        close we can get to that ideal board state we decide on what combination of creatures and spells we should play. We have 5 different play
        styles for our AI which is closely related to what colored deck they play.

        Our red AI is quite aggressive he prioritizes damaging us with spells and creatures over his own survivability

        Our blue AI is controlling he prioritizes disabling your creatures by tapping them so he can attack or
        tapping them so that they cant attack. removing creatures from your board and hitting you with creatures you cant
        block.

        Our white AI is more concerned about his creatures than he is about disabling yours. He seeks a bigger board presence while also disabling
        your creatures and keeping his life above the starting value.

        Our black AI is not as aggressive as our red Ai however it plays out a similar playstyle. He tries to remove big creatures from your side
        of the battlefield killing them with powerful but costly spells or weak but deadly creatures with death touch.

        Finally Our Green Ai has little concern about such things as sorceries and instances. Although still utilizing them in a small degree, this AI
        focuses to overwhelm the opponent by sheer numbers on the board.

        All of the Ai listed have a goal of reducing you to 0 life points or lower and each with their own unique playstyle.

Sean:   After the AI Decides which cards it should play it then plays them one by one. With each card the Ai plays you enter a response phase.
        After all creatures are played the AI enters their combat step. It calculates what possible blockers you as a player will use to
        achieve the best possible board state for yourself. Using that calculation it will declare attackers and await blockers.

        This is where you the player will be required to select blockers. You can select any number of blockers equal to or less than the number of creatures attacking you
        you do so by selecting on of your creatures and then selecting on of the opponents attacking creatures. They will then be joined by a black line.
        After you chose your blockers press the pass phase button to start the damage calculation.

        The Ai then passes his combat phase and enters its end step. This is your last chance to cast any instants before its back to your turn.

        Your turn similarly to the AI Begins with an untap for all of your creatures and lands followed by a draw step. Then back into main phase.
        You repeat this cycle until of 4 things happen. Either player reaches below 0 hit points. either player has to draw from an empty deck , you concede
        or you quit out of the game
